updated Language docs for mobile, created one for Web (#766)
MapsPeople/docs: src/web/v4/guides/display-language.md

---
title: Display Language
eleventyNavigation:
  key: web-v4-display-language
  parent: web-v4-guides
  title: Display Language
  order: 700
---

<!-- Introduction -->
{% include "src/shared/display-language/intro.md" %}

> The web-app will also automatically adjust the language to the language set in the user's browser settings, or failing that, the device settings. This is limited to the following languages, and will default to English if the selected language is not supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web-app will automatically adjust the language to the language set in the user's browser settings, otherwise default to English. If the user is using macOS, the device's language settings will be used. This is limited to the following languages, and will default to English if the selected language is not supported:
```

> The web-app will also automatically adjust the language to the language set in the user's browser settings, or failing that, the device settings. This is limited to the following languages, and will default to English if the selected language is not supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web-app will automatically adjust the language to the language set in the user's browser settings, otherwise default to English. When using Safari, the device's language setting will be used. This is limited to the following languages, and will default to English if the selected language is not supported:
```
